# mojolicious-and-bootstrap
Real time web framework immersion 

Learning iOS application development happened to bring me closer to my old trade while experimenting with several RESTful APIs. As a former back-end web developer, I used to develop server side web applications in Perl a long while ago and those days CGI meant the de-facto standard in web technology for managing HTTP requests and responses. HTTP is a stateless protocol, which treats each web request as an independent transaction. Initializing an individual CGI process in case of every request generates a problematic overhead on a busy server, that's why eventloop-based real-time web frameworks have become very popular over the last decade, both back-end and front-end.

Mojolicious is one of these enhanced real-time web frameworks. It's entirely written in Perl, my old fame, so I feel a great deal of desire to learn and use it. This repository is dedicated to aid my learning process, as I intend to excercise the industry's best practices by creating a Git managed Mojolicious web app and utilizing Modern Perl toolchain (Perlbrew, Carton).

As Rick Deller (Eligo Recruitment) has recently stated on YAPC::Europe 2016 ("How's the Perl Jobs market"), there's lots of emphasis on Full-Stack these days, companies are looking at Perl developers with more than just back-end development. Bootstrap is one of the most popular frontend development frameworks today, it's responsive and mobile first, makes frontend development very fast and easy for those who doesn't have much experience with fornt-end design, so I'll attempt to combine it with Mojolicious to maintain some standard look and quality to my study.  
